Add short explanation about registry scope (#1114)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/advanced_tutorials/registry.md

print(output)
```

### How does the parent node know about child registry?

> When working in our `MMAlpha` it might be necessary to use the `Runner` class defined in MMENGINE. This class is in charge of building most of the objects. If this objects are added to the child registry (`MMAlpha`), how is  `MMEngine` able to find them? It cannot, `MMEngine` needs to switch to the Registry from `MMEngine` to `MMAlpha` according to the scope which is defined in default_runtime.py for searching the target class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working in our `MMAlpha` it might be necessary to use the `Runner` class defined in MMEngine. This class is in charge of building most of the objects. If this objects are added to the child registry (`MMAlpha`), how is  `MMEngine` able to find them? It cannot, `MMEngine` needs to switch to the Registry from `MMEngine` to `MMAlpha` according to the `default_scope` argument when building the runner (commonly defined in `default_runtime.py` of downstream repositories) for searching the target class.
```

We can also init the scope accordingly, see example below:

```python
from mmalpha.registry import MODELS
from mmengine.registry import init_default_scope

@MODELS.register_module()
class LogSoftmax(nn.Module):
    def __init__(self, dim=None):
        super().__init__()

    def forward(self, x):
        print('call LogSoftmax.forward')
        return x

> assert "LogSoftmax" in MODELS # This fails since registry is looking only in parent class

Reviewer: Hi, I found that this assertion will not False in v0.8.0. I've also tried an old version such as v0.3.0, this assertion will still succeed.  I think a more proper example here is to build the instance by `MODLES.build(dict(type='ToyModel'))`, and it will fail if `init_default_scope('mmalpha')` have not been called before.

Author: I tried it too and you are right, that was not working as expected. I updated the example, please have a look and let me know what you think :)

We can also init the scope accordingly, see example below:

```python
from mmalpha.registry import MODELS
from mmengine.registry import MODELS as MMENGINE_MODELS
from mmengine.registry import init_default_scope
import torch.nn as nn

@MODELS.register_module()
class LogSoftmax(nn.Module):
    def __init__(self, dim=None):
        super().__init__()

    def forward(self, x):
        print('call LogSoftmax.forward')
        return x

# Works because we are using mmalpha registry
MODELS.build(dict(type="LogSoftmax"))

# Fails because mmengine registry does not know about stuff registered in mmalpha
MMENGINE_MODELS.build(dict(type="LogSoftmax"))

# Works because we are using mmalpha registry
init_default_scope('mmalpha')
MMENGINE_MODELS.build(dict(type="LogSoftmax"))

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
